let to let let to let let it let you you
know fuck it how's unreal what is up
guys i am Joseph this is Joseph's place
and welcome to this Iron Man update
video now this isn't going to be much of
an update video because I really haven't
done much since last time I already have
my skills open which I don't normally do
but basically I've had a lot of work
I've worked bake like 51 52 hours in the
last six days so my my runescape gains
have not been ideal I've not gotten that
much mining experience and my name's
basically all i have done and i just got
a smithing levels so we have that going
for us but yeah i was able to get 71
mining i am working on a challenge
someone gave me to get 75 mining in
three weeks so I still have one week
from today that I really haven't done
much as far as i know so i don't know
what exactly I'm going to say in this
video I'll give you my goals my
aspirations my my love your dreams and
then I guess we'll call it a day but I
only need about four hundred thousand
more experience for mining and that
definitely will not be difficult to get
I am going I need to go collect them I
am planning on making about 2500 steel
bars so I am getting about 5,000 coal
from mother lode mining and then I'm
going to go and get 2500 iron from
anywhere probably are doing the extra
ends yeah probably go get it there and
then I'm gonna superheat all actually
i'm going to room craft first and then i
will superheat item to create all of
those steel bars and let me just tie
this while I enter my pin so you guys
can't you know girl eats haxor me
because knowing my pin would definitely
allow you to do that but uh yeah I about
4,500 cola now so once i get 500 more
I'll just hop over to iron get the iron
and then finish up the mining level
probably power mining I just to get it
finished
but y'all be runecrafting my prior
essence after that I have plenty of
nature towels because now i think i have
10 yeah i got 10 so i'll probably just
use the good old running method just
sell to a general store you know that
way sell to its end Silvano's the
general store get it back it's only 3 GP
/ essence so it's really not that bad
and I'll probably only do about seven
thousand at a time just so I can hi all
can get some money because I'm pretty
poor right now I only have 20 k cash but
yeah uh yeah I'll super hit all those
bars get 55 magic and then I'll start a
super heat yeah all the bars make it
into archery equipment and then i will
start high outing because that's gonna
give me fifty five magic start helping
things and then actually it makes some
money which has been not something i've
done in quite a long time so i'll be
nice to have a little bit of cash on me
i'm almost able to get the full
prospectors outfits so i've been wearing
that because it gives a pretty decent
bonus with mining so you can see there
it looks pretty fucking sexy it actually
matches my route pickaxe so that's
that's nice i love with my outfits match
so yeah what i will be doing after i get
the bars let me know be hiking I'm gonna
high alcohol 16 k i'm going to use all
16 k hi Alex before I mind more pure
essence because that will get me 66
magic so I can use the Wizards guild to
mind PR since a little bit faster in the
meantime I will be I don't even know
after that I'm just going to hop rent
the Slayer I think maybe do some quests
I only have about 77 quest points so i
could do quite a few quests if I wanted
to I'm sure they would be helpful so
yeah we'll work on that lunar diplomacy
what's are the requirements this i kinda
want to get this done I might actually
work on this quest getting the
requirements for that because I kinda
know do want to unlock some lunar magics
but yeah I mean is gonna be a really
boring episode and I apologize for that
I just I've been busy so there's not
much more I can say I'll just give you
guys an update on what the channel is
going to be going in the near future
this upcoming friday i do have a video
that is based off of calm
I'll be just responding personally to a
bunch of different comments and things
that I've gotten so some of them will be
positive for some of them will be the
negative comments so I'm pretty excited
about coming out with that video should
be pretty fun I am starting I know some
of you might not like this but i do want
to start a runescape 3 from scratch
series the reason is because I don't
know I just I kind of want to play
runescape 3 and I can't play it on my
main because I play old school on this
account and I have no idea what the hell
I'm doing so I might as well just start
from the beginning and actually learn my
way back into runescape I mean it's not
like I have I have a hundred hours that
game or a hundred hours 100 days of play
time in that game and I still no idea
what I'm doing so I'm just going to
create a new account and just try to
learn it from there so I've started that
a few days ago and I'll probably
uploading that once a week so if you're
interested be sure to watch that
probably on Saturdays if I really don't
get any positive feedback from it i will
stop it I mean I'll continue to play but
i'll stop the video series so it's
really up to you guys what you guys want
to see so let me know let your opinions
are in that um but yeah other than that
I will be coming out with my normal
videos so we're going to bump it up to
four videos per week monday wednesday
friday and then saturday might be coming
up with some graphic tutorials here in
the new future if there was anything
interested you someone requested one so
i figured i might as well honor that
request so be trying to work with that
streaming wise I can't really stream as
much because of my work schedule I will
hopefully be streaming today Wednesday
and tomorrow Thursday just a little bit
probably towards the late afternoon to
early night time probably from like 5pm
until maybe 12 something like that I
don't know how long it's actually going
to go but those the hours I probably
could stream so look into vet but other
than that I really don't have much else
to say my my XP gains have been shit my
playtime has been shit my personality
right now is pretty shit so
we're just gonna just going to call it a
day right now if you are interested in
following me i have been using Twitter a
little bit more actively so if you want
to keep up to date with videos and
whatever else I'm doing in my life be
sure to follow my twitter if you are
interested I apologize for just the the
boringness of this video I will try to
improve it next time again I've just
been working a lot pretty tired just
trying to get back into the swing of
things so once I got some actual XP
gains I think the videos will be a
little better but other than that guys
that's it for this video really um I do
apologize just the lack of anything but
you know that's just how it's got to be
how it's got to be so I hope you guys
enjoyed this video I am Joseph get this
is Joseph's place and I will see you
next time